komodor agent (#258)
komodorio/helm-charts: charts/komodor-agent/templates/NOTES.txt

Thank you for installing {{ .Chart.Name }}.

> The watcher was installed in  namespace: {{ .Release.Namespace }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Komodor Agent was installed in namespace: {{ .Release.Namespace }}
```
